our guests tonight are two of the eight
funniest people in the world they have a
friendship that spans over 30 years and
a new comedy special called an evening
you will forget for the rest of your
life let me just say Steve truthfully
but it when an honor it is for me to be
standing next to man who is a novelist a
playwright a musician a composer and a
legendary comedian and let me say what
an honor it is for me to be standing
next to the man who is standing next to
that man
you know the steam of all the people
that I have a fake show business
relationship with I feel big closest to
you
[Applause]
and evening you will forget for the rest
of your life is on Netflix and you can
see them live June 29th of Sacramento
July first in Las Vegas and July 6th in
Bend Oregon please welcome with two and
only Steve mark
[Applause]
[Music]
we got
you heard of you heard of a standing oh
yeah it was a standing em they were sort
of up and down over there well it's very
very very very exciting and a great
honor to have both of you here
I really look forward to letting you
down Marty you've been here how many
times have you been here I've been here
I don't know 15 maybe 15 times Steve
this is your first Mike's first time I'm
excited to be on the ship because I
didn't even know you had a show I come
out and there you are and let me say
something yes go ahead Marty yes
no really you look fantastic thank you
so much no you really do that that just
for men beard I I didn't know it came in
that car by the way since we're talking
about manscaping I have a new technique
for trimming my nose hairs what is it I
just take a deep whiff of Marty's
colognes someone got Febreze for
Father's Day no but you look really you
you you have the sex appeal of a
middle-aged Rudy Guiliani you were
disheveled oh my god you smiled the hunk
of makeup fill up that wasn't me it was
leprosy
no no due to the queer guys look like
they just stormed out in the mid mid by
weird guys what queer guys no with the
eyes I could wear I guys yes nothing
here
[Applause]
he's from Canada he doesn't know how it
all works
yeah sending half the next so I think
Jimmy is quite a handsome man and I I
mean that because you know yeah you have
a good look and I also have these
wonderful childbearing hips we you know
I've always wanted to meet you you know
not as much but I was also excited to
meet you
but Steve we met for the first time in
October I believe yes
[Applause]
yes I do have a good time I we met in
October remember at the Mark Twain prize
for David Letterman it's like we all
honor David Letterman a great night and
I was very excited to be there and I had
been there the year before honoring Bill
Murray wow thanks yeah but I learned
that night I learned that after the show
was over around 9 o'clock there was
nothing to do it was like Sunday night
in Washington DC and there was nothing
to do so this time I thought go on it
goes on for a while you're in the store
so I thought here's what I'll do I'll
rent a room at a bar there's a bar
called madam organs I'll rent a private
room and then maybe just maybe Martin
Short and Steve Martin
I knew Dave wasn't coming not when I was
excited to go to that party because I
thought that's what I'm looking for a
nice quiet little place to hang out the
show right
Bill Murray was with us we were in the
car right was Bill Murray you and your
wife and my wife Molly and another
friend and we're driving to the event
and the phone rings do you remember well
let me just say the phone rang because
Tom Hanks was also in Washington not
doing the Mark Twain tea but he was
happening Washington and I had spoken
and I said hey Jimmy is having a big
party why don't you go to it hey next
time you mind out running that by me
because I didn't know you'd like a lot
of people use the ass but not hip
so anyway he had gotten to the party
early and he phoned me and said this is
the worst please no not yet oh he's
saying to me okay stupid it's so loud
it's horrible
I stayed there one minute I ran out and
I said well why don't you go back to the
Four Seasons go to the bar I'll phone
Steve Steve will hate that too
so then I phone Steve and so I'm in the
car and I put it on speaker yes and I
hear Marty say don't go to that party
it's the worst evidently it's the
loudest worst place you could ever be
Jimmy's two feet from me yeah yeah that
was and then you got you went back and
you went to Marty ruin my party and I'll
tell you when we had a much here I
thought you ruined your party
yeah well afterwards I was planning to
get review had flow and Rob Kardashian
we had you know Eddie better but you
guys were talking about it you know I
don't know if you're invited to but
Marty has a Christmas party each year
yes yes so I was planning to hold a
special VIP party I was gonna set up a
tent in Marty's backyard and invite
everyone to that tent
except for Marty in his own know you
would have been invited you were an
innocent victim down the party too all
right you're not invited next week
Marty canceled this Christmas party and
my plan was for not but anyway
are you throwing any other parties that
we don't want to go I saw the Ted Cruz
thing and I thought it was interesting
first you raised so much money for
charity so that makes you two good guys
I think actually that Ted Cruz really
likes you
because I noticed that every time he
would look at you he would wag his tail
[Laughter]
you must admit it was I mean even Donald
Trump and stormy daniel said well now
that's a spanking congratulations of
making it to the end of the YouTube
video why not celebrate by clicking the
subscribe button you earned it